Now that we have completed the company's current operations, let's get back to the users usage and
any applications are of many type.
We also have multiple users, we will have basic employees, we will have outgoing accounts.
We will have customers and we will have special type of company customers.
In order to identify each user in that application when they register, we should assign them a particular
role.
First, you would have to ask yourself, how will any rules or application?
When we go to Solution Explorer program, that's a yes.
We have added the default identity right here inside default identity.
We do not have the support for rules for roads.
We will have to change the default identity and we will add a custom identity we do with identity user.
We want something which is identity well.
With that, we are using the default implementation of rules that is present in the identity class library.
Now, when you change the default identity to customer identity, we have to enable the default token
providers.
We did not have to do this before because it was already included inside the identity class library.
But since we are using a custom identity now, we need to explicitly generate tokens.
Now you might be thinking whether these tokens being used that can show that as well.
If they go toward identity area Typekit open the register page model inside the post handler.
If they scroll down once they use it is created inside to create async.
What happens is we generate a token to confirm an email.
You can see we have generate email confirmation token async.
So this method uses the implementation that is defined with the default token provider.
Since we removed the default identity, we have to explicitly add that.
But that's all that we had to do to add the support for our roads and our application.
But now the question is how will be assigned role and they create a user.
But let's do that in the next week, you.